what's up guys my name is Sarah DT
rhymes with PG welcome to another
episode of the creative exchange today I
am so excited I like we have L Mills
welcome studio audience yes thank you
guys out there in the studio um I would
just like to say L Mills last night won
an award at the Shorty Awards what did
you win I won't I won't break out
youtuber cut me free congratulations
thank you so much I mean that so
Shorty's are kind of like the Oscars of
the Internet
yeah there's also web use and stuff but
Shorty's are legit cool that's amazing
and for the people out there who don't
know who you are
explain your YouTube channel okay um so
I
I always have trouble explaining this
because I used to do like just comedy
videos but now I feel like I've kind of
like branched out of it but I make like
videos about my life and to like short
four minute videos yeah it's so
entertaining so it's hard it is hard to
describe them I'm just gonna name off
some of your video okay idols yeah just
to like study house that's a good way
you're gonna get you get a good vibe at
the title because that's something that
you're so good at not just creating
amazing videos so when people arrive at
their channel they're satisfied but your
thumbnails are beautiful your titles are
so good thank you um so I trapped my
family in an escape room confessing my
feelings to my crush and the the
thumbnail is just beautiful you do these
like red and white squiggly lines and
stuff I threw myself a graduation party
I threw my crush her own prom okay
this one I legally married my sister's
boyfriend classic so it tell me a little
bit about just start with that guy what
I know thank you guys come from
and then how what is your video process
you do you think of the title first it
title is usually just what the video is
and then I always say like the tie
it should be what the video is and if
the title isn't crazy enough that means
of videos and crazy enough you know so
like I usually come up with I'd just try
to think of something that hasn't been
done before something I'd be like what
that person did that I really was trying
to top myself with getting legally
married I thought if I could get I think
I could get legally married then I
that's insane
and what's so funny about this is it's
YouTube so usually a person would just
do this for the title and not actually
go through with it but you actually went
through with it yes and I believe
married yeah I literally flew to Vegas
from Canada for those I don't know and I
flew to Vegas in like 24 hours they're
back and my sister's boyfriend and I we
got legally married it was so easy like
a little too easy
it was so hard like customs like guys
fully divorced no I I just like we're
both like really lazy so it's just the
worst case so my sister's actually the
one trying to get a divorce or annulled
which is ironic I feel bad like we'd be
like I married her boyfriend and she's
the one has to get it like the voice
stuff but amazing it was a fun story I
can't wait to get to go to their wedding
and like speak and be like oh she has my
22nd I have a great toast oh so good so
what are some videos that stick out to
you because you've definitely had
moments over the past year that have
brought in you from you know 3000
subscribers we were just talking about
two 1.2 million now in the span of six
months maybe yeah or less than that I
mean what are some of those videos that
you're like that was a moment the
biggest one was definitely coming out
elmo's style that one just likes
beautifully well yeah and then it was
like a snowball effect after that I feel
like like the married one did really
well and that was right off the coming
out video but I'd say the coming out
video was the turning point yeah sure so
what like that's a big step you know you
came out as bisexual and you did it in
such a creative way l mil style I feel
like that's just like you know almost if
you make a good video yeah I did
uh you know that was obviously such a
big video for your YouTube channel but
also personally yeah you had a lot of
emotion in that video was there ever a
point that you were like I can't make
this video this is this is like too much
Oh 100% I'm gonna put my airplane mode
there we go yeah was I say yes no it it
really was I it was just like I don't
know I think like I kept uh for me I was
just like the video isn't good enough I
can't post this I don't want to post
this and especially because the video
was my way coming out to a lot of people
in my personal life I didn't I just
didn't tell anyone the people who are in
the video were the people who knew
before the video posted and obviously
there's a lot more people in my life
then like eight people so um you know a
lot of family member know I just needed
to make sure that it was the right way
like I needed to make sure everything
that the video conveyed was like how I
was feeling and how I want those people
my life's to know what's going on in my
head and stuff so that was a lot and
also it's like the first like emotional
video I ever really had on my channel
all the other videos were pretty like
comedic and just sick joke pranks and
stuff so that was my first time like
opening up and being really vulnerable
so and I think it worked out my favor
I obviously but it was it was hard and
it was a motion enjoining for sure
mm-hmm
yeah how often do you post on YouTube
gosh it used to be like it keeps going
down and down it just cuz now I feel
like this pressure to like make
everything amazed the best it can be and
also because he been doing it like I
used to post twice a week and then now
wants a week and then once every two
weeks I trying them once every week
slash every two weeks that's my goal but
uh it's just like you get to a point
where you're like you feel like you've
done everything you know what I mean and
so you just need a break I need I think
I'm miss me traveling and like having
new experiences that's gonna be good but
like the past like two months have been
hard because I've been like in my room
in my hometown and I just like I feel
like I've messed with everyone I mean I
married my sister's boyfriend like what
else can I do you know what I mean
but uh yeah
and you're 20 years old so it's what's
so cool about this and seeing it from
outside or to is it's just the beginning
so I'm so excited to see everything that
you're gonna do in the future like I
literally just got goosebumps actually
because fighting is like when she's 40
years yeah imagine I wonder what I'm
gonna do it for yeah I know but so how
did YouTube start for you you said you
were posting videos when you're in
elementary school - yeah
so I've always loved making videos and
like like when YouTube came out like
obviously everyone watched it like the
main oh geez Shane Dawson yeah Smosh did
yours grace Helbig yes she was she is my
like first my first youtuber yes Dilli
grace yes first word she was ever that
yeah I watched Tyler Oakley
do you know Keon and Sam he's not with
ki and JC but they did like the video so
it's pre OH - ah yes yeah 402 alright
I'm really proud of that so there should
have you proud of anyway yeah those are
the Miyagi's until I always just posted
videos and made little music videos with
my friends music videos were the things
I feel like that's how we all start okay
good how I started I have so many in my
harddrive like it's disgusting but yeah
then I did like a lot of a lot of people
in my school like found out I'd made
videos and so they I got a lot of like
practice through doing like school
projects for everyone else and like you
know same exact exactly right like
that's totally hard then you became
known as the video person school
everyone would be in your groove exact
yeah it was one video that really just
put me over the edge was senior of high
school I made a economics rap music
video about the law of supply into me
yeah and it's still on my channel oh
really and watch it yeah it was so
embarrassing that it's such a good
example of where you start and what you
can become you know cuz it's not pretty
in the beginning I've never you have
plenty of embarrassing things are needed
you unlisted uh yeah honestly I've been
going at this reason I'm like I feel
like a lot even the ones I've made like
just a year ago I'm starting to cuz it's
just been time you feel like I could
so much better than I do you wanted God
but yeah I love that used to the rat I
feel like everyone makes rap music
videos in school I had like three I
think why is that the go to I feel good
teachers you know when teachers like
open prompts yeah I mean okay well I
love music - yeah so I was around meets
people I played guitar and stuff um but
never did it cross our mind to make a
song like what insurance it was always
like let's get a sick rap track yeah
make our own words to it it was just
kind of the fun thing to do I mean what
our kids do it nowadays maybe like
sitting there's words over like a little
pump
yeah or just basically so when did it
become consistent consistent when were
you like I want to do this YouTube thing
I have a skill I want to explore it
right after I graduated high school so
that was 2016 like June 2016 and I was
just like I was going into like business
school and I was just like I know I know
imagine me like I was so bad and so like
it was just I had like this crisis I was
because I loved high school like I did
really good I was president Victorian
you know another valedictorian yeah look
at like you know the perfect high school
I really didn't want to leave I felt
like I accomplished everything I wanted
and so I didn't know what was next did I
felt like it was just gonna go downhill
it was like what would be better than
doing all that stuff I'm like I'm like
being a famous youtuber yeah and I was
like no I had like this moment where I
felt like I was like all these youtubers
I remember I was in the shower like all
these youtubers started like zero to
like it happens I think and I'm like I
think I'm like I was like I think I'm
really good enough to like make it big
or like at least grand falling so I had
a good game plan if I post it every week
I cause I knew that every video uploaded
I gained ten more subscribers so in my
head I was like okay but if I keep up if
I could post every week I'm by the end
of the year I will have 1000 subscribers
Wow
so I literally have that game plan I
wrote down and so I posted every every
week and then I had I started to do I
made this like trailer I did editing
trailers like genre swap trailers and
the first one I made was called if
stranger things were a romantic calm
so I made it look like a romantic comedy
and I posted it straight to Twitter like
the just the video and then went viral
on Twitter and so that's why I upload
for those who like doubt asked us a lot
I always up with my videos straight to
Twitter and then straight to eat is how
I really got hooked on your videos was
it was just always much more turf
exactly so like I find that if you post
it straight to the social media every
social media platform that more people
are more likely to watch it because they
won't get native to the platforms that
they don't have to I don't you to batten
exactly
it's [ __ ] more more shares and stuff so
that's how I started getting getting my
audience and by by the end of 2016 but
just by doing those trailers I was at
15,000 subscribers so you weren't in
those videos at all it was just you know
I did I put myself in the beginning and
people are like you should stop putting
yourself at the beginning I was I always
like come up with this because I wanted
a reason why I was doing it right I
always liked that so like if stranger
things romantic comedy like hi I'm Elle
Mills and I love strangers I love
strange things but I'm not a huge fan of
sci-fi
I love rom-coms so I made this and so I
made that like I had a thing and so then
I got I was just I was having this point
of my life a point at so in December my
next problem was no one really wants to
see me I really wanted to be like a
youtuber you know and I enjoyed that
people were watching enjoy my content
but like no one wanted to see me so like
I was just like and I also was the
trailers were taking me like 24 hours
editing you know I mean and I was at
university so you were in first semester
wow I didn't know that yeah so the but
by the time by the end of first semester
I was like I'm at 15,000 I think I could
do the next push so I took the rest of
tell my parents I'm gonna stop for a bit
I said semester I tell them I want to
drop for like just take a break yeah and
see how that goes
so that's January 2017 is when I had
like a full push and I rebranded and so
the doodles you see then I just that was
that that's when I started to do that
and I buy I try to do like want two
videos a week one trailer to keep that
that audience happy but try it and then
I like a comedy video to see like yeah
yeah slow leisurely yeah exactly and
then by March I had my first comedy
video go viral and then that's when I
cut what was interviewing my friends
tinder dates so I went on three my
friend's tinder dates and interviewed
the guys and invent fire on Twitter and
so that's when I cut it and then I it
was a snowball effect again but it's a
little smaller one then the recent one I
have I did the next video I was like my
brother's heard bass so I tracked my
brother in a room with his two exes I
love messing with my brother in his exes
it's great and yeah so that I was like
the first push that was a lot of talking
no I mean that is so cool to hear where
you've come from because you know you
see people maybe you're just recently
finding you and they see all of your
videos obviously you have an amazing
backlog of amazing content but there's
always that question I was like what
like was this always this way but so
many times it's little pushes it's big
pushes and it's all of these things
together and just like you said I bet
that was kind of hard to do that pivot
yeah wait from trailers cuz that's what
you were exactly you know and that's
that's what I had to kind of do when it
was doing stuff of me behind the camera
I was into just like filmy my friends
and filming other people's creative
process yes and then I realized oh this
is YouTube I should probably get in
front of a camera because people want
personality you know the people who we
watch grace and stuff like that we were
there for grace Helbig yeah you know but
yeah that's so cool and that makes sense
now because you're so good at editing
and you're so good at storytelling so
the fact that you are making trailers
and remaking these stories makes so much
sense
yeah and like I always say like because
I did like I feel like a lot of
youtubers go through this but like you
want to change it up the content so I
know you when we first met I was making
like the calm the four minute like
comedy videos that I'm like I didn't
make it that intense
and I got tired of it I was just like I
creatively I don't people don't know I
can edit
like and I want to show that so okay set
so I kind of combine the trailers and
that those types of videos and put them
together and now you make four minute
masterpieces four minute that are asses
waiting and beautiful and funny but then
you leave the video like oh my god that
was such a good video thank you you go
this weekend I love it yeah you'll go
back with your family bring you back
down so this is healthy yes yes thank
you so beyond those people who are your
inspirations now so in the beginning you
had like grace Helbig and all those
people Tyler Oakley who inspires you
know who are you watching whether it's
YouTube or mainstream world like people
make yeah these who inspired you there's
a lot of I watched it odd david dobrik
do love david and all his friends I find
that with them it's the thing I like
about them is like the the personalities
and like like the the fast-paced driving
everything is just so good
Casey obviously a legend for like just
like the shots like this the way he
gauges the audience like I a lot of my
shots are inspired by him like you know
the walking up to the camera
you know the classic I think I've seen
any time lapses in your videos I don't
do those too often it's just like
because I have no patience but I I
noticed that since becoming a youtuber i
watch more just like my friends like
people I know like I watched you I just
watched people at sea like it's like my
way of keeping up to date with them
alright and so yeah our Facebook exactly
it's exactly that so that's what I do
mostly but yeah that's what would you
ever do vlogging do you ever see a world
well we're Ella Mills post like three
vlogs a week yeah I open about yeah I
made a second channel just like anyway
yeah I have it but I don't really it's
called like life of the mills I think
see like a works out for vlogging
channel but like I'm such a
perfectionist I could see myself just
going absolutely nuts over it
but I do want to you because I think I
could
I can make something really fun with
that Oh 100% yeah and because you spend
so much time on your videos and effort
that is it might like I admire that
especially in the time we are in YouTube
you know sometimes just things aren't
like the best yeah so it's really cool
to see people like you and we're talking
about him earlier like Peter McKinnon
yeah who have come on the spot make
amazing stuff and y'all are winning and
it's like yes yes you know but do you
feel now the pressure in between
quantity and quality because now you're
like oh I have this audience they want
more of me you know like is it hard to
balance that 100% I'm like struggling to
do that right now because I want to post
more but the same time like I know if I
post a video that's not up to par I'm
just gonna be more upset than me not
posting because I get upset like if I
feel like a video wasn't as good as I
want it to be and so yeah I still
haven't figured that out yet working
through it I'm trying I've been talking
to it's fun it's like it's cool to be
like friends with other Creators now
because everyone goes the exact same
thing I feel like and so hearing what
they had to say it's pretty cool but
it's like easier said than done they
give me advice and I'm like okay but you
know mmm would you ever hand off any
part of your videos to someone in terms
of editing or filming or even just like
description and tags because it's hard
yeah that's true to let go it's really
hard to let go because I find that the
the charm in and like the reason I feel
like it does is this well does as well
as it has is because I put all my like
it's you yeah it's me it's like fooling
me and I it's like it's exactly I wanted
and you know I I I have I got an
assistant okay but like it's my
brother's friend for like he like I
paying him so like this is like I was
like okay so it's it's been actually
pretty helpful like it's just like small
things like set up the camera for me and
then if you go through emails and stuff
for you he like really close because
like for example II some of my videos
like I need to contact people to get
like okay yeah like I like if I need for
example I'm next video I wanted
get some animals right so he would be
the one home yeah so he needs to like
contact them for me and stuff so that's
been awful but it's honestly really new
but it's been like see I've been usually
my friends and family just kind of give
a extra hand but when it comes to
editing it's all me setting up the shot
like the way I want it it's like if I to
get it done the way I want it I have to
do it I feel like especially yeah it's
hard to delegate it's really hard you
know the behind the scenes stuff I think
that's where you start and where you
could probably draw the line it's just
okay like emails and all of us yeah I'm
sure you have people hitting you up all
the time like hey we would love to
sponsor your video and just recently was
Wendy's your like first official sponsor
things yeah I done like two like small
brand deals like with the old videos
like like it was just like a 30 second
integration but I didn't really know I
mean I can cut out whatever I don't know
is it like no no I mean you okay so
would you rather because when you work
with brands
sometimes you do lose some like creative
control yeah you know so when it comes
to you do you prefer like maybe just
going the route of google adsense like
hopefully the views will bring you the
money so you can keep going and yeah
kind of like collaborating with brands
maybe yeah but the problem is I don't
really make money off because like
that's honestly when I started getting
really into your stuff I was like how
does she make money from that I know
because something that makes your video
stand out is you use real music and it's
so good and it adds so much the story
yeah but then your videos get copyright
yes so then you can't earn no money
Google money yeah so maybe it's like
trying to find that perfect blend of
like just finding a couple brands that
you know about you love Wendy's I juice
okay yeah the money my niece was good
there's only like the be things like I
like I really want a brand deal with
because I like I've supported these
brands since like middle school I only
wanna wear red converse so a converse
brand deal would be sick
I wear coach shirts all the time all the
time kolo what are you doing
if you hide the hint hi-yah come on and
Wendy's so and yeah so finally Wendy's
reached out we did a campaign it was
really fun yeah I really liked that it
was cool that's cool to set a goal and
then check it yeah it's like if you told
me in middle school like what needs you
to sponsor what I'm sure coke is gonna
happen
fingers crossed eventually it has to but
yeah I think that's the challenge with
people who are creatives they're artists
or maybe they're like you know a type of
entrepreneur or something is maybe
they're pursuing their passions and they
have an audience but then okay how do
you make that your job it's hard and
yeah something that you aren't doing
soon as you're going on I mean that's a
fun way to give value to your audience
and then they get to see you like you
know pay for ticket and then they get
like Elle Mills time yeah in real life
how exciting is that are you ready tell
me about this tour oh and it's like it's
it's coming down to the bone really so
it starts in a few days and I've been
trying really hard because there's a lot
of I don't know if you ever seen a full
screen tour I haven't no it's it depends
on the art artist but it's a lot about
meeting the viewers which is fun right
but also they are paying to see a show
sometimes people forget that and so I
really wanted to make sure that every
part of this that everything that the
money was worth it and so the show is
very much my youtube videos come to life
so I've like it's kind of like a
storyline almost and then like yeah
there's an intro videos to each segment
where I go like hi I'm Mel Millicent did
and then I give like a whole spiel and
then we do the actual event of the video
on stage and so yeah I've been making
sure I didn't like work out those videos
I have like two more to do it's almost
done it's almost done it's getting there
what is cool because it sounds like it's
something that people are gonna show up
it's an experience it's different and
it's unique to them yeah I think a lot
of times people will just kind of sit on
stage and like what's up guys yeah it's
cool that you're bringing a
unique forms of entertainment finding
out gonna be really fun for Shay who's
gonna be with you on his chores um so
right now I can say current a cough is
coming to the Vancouver show um she was
my first kiss so that's gonna be fun
relations thank you that's a great first
kiss was Todd jealous like no guys happy
yeah we have a little bit but I did tell
him he is hot at this shorty I said
thank you
what'd I say oh I asked her it I'm like
cuz fine it's fine it's probably they
broke up and so so I take I tasted
Khurana vien like can I say thank you to
Todd for being hot just like do whatever
you want so I did this she loved it but
yeah so there's I gotta cut a few more
come on my sleeve but you're gonna be
doing this with your mom and your
brother yes so they're gonna be kind of
main actors with you yeah I don't see
how I want to see how they yeah because
I don't think they've been exposed to my
youtube world right it's different when
it's real life when you have people you
know coming up and lie exactly fangirls
and fanboys that's a different
experience I know I don't I want to see
how they handle it I don't know my
brother's a cocky son of a gun he's so
annoying
but that's like it's a character it's
like this Carrie I know video I think
it's like it's just like exactly how it
is in the videos is exactly how it is in
real life I'd say sometimes it's worse
in real life and I make them look better
on camera but um yeah I don't know I
think they're both a little bit nervous
but they won't tell me but your family
is a big part of your videos it's like a
lot of your videos yeah so in the
beginning were they kind of like
questioning this whole YouTube thing or
have they always been gamed to be in the
videos because I guess a part of their
character who they are in the videos too
is kind of like uh what are you up to it
yeah so what were their feelings of this
whole YouTube thing in the beginning are
they more on board now yeah I mean like
was there a progression it's
yeah it's definitely changed my brother
I feel like has become he still loves it
because he used to do them like for like
just like whenever like he didn't care
but now he's like coming down to the
bone I feel he says he's to keep me
grounded but I don't know like I I
sometimes like I have to pay my brother
because my mom makes me he's into talent
fee and I'm like because the problem is
I do make well I do make some money off
my videos and so they do all this work
and they get nothing
that's the thing my mom lets me keep
keep it thank you thanks mom I
appreciate that but yeah Jays the only
one who's just a bit annoying about it
but he likes it obviously because he
benefits from it he enjoys what I'm sure
he has plenty of Instagram followers yes
he's like over 100k it's like dying dude
it's dumb he doesn't need that many but
yeah he enjoys like it also like he's
like a local celebrity in Ottawa so like
he loves it he lives for it
my mom my mom's always been supportive
I'm not my mom and my mom and Jay like
they've been supportive of me making
videos but they uh they really I they
didn't think I would get to this point
100% maybe more so when the numbers
started rolling then they're like okay
this can happen but I remember like 2016
and summer I have a video on my phone
because I said I'm gonna become a big
youtuber one day and they're like okay
sure buddy and I'm like I'm filming this
I'm like I'm filming this to it for the
future and I literally have it on my
computer back home and they're like yeah
screw off oh and stuff so like I feel
like I I would say the same thing to
someone else you know and I think that's
such a big thing with going like going
big in your life or pursuing your dreams
is I'm a big believer in speaking things
into motion even I had this moments
where I started to take YouTube really
seriously I was hating college and I was
sitting at dinner with my family and I
was like this time next summer I will
have 10,000 subscribers me and that time
next summer I had a hundred thousand
yeah grabbers and I told everyone I was
doing the work but I was also saying
this is what's gonna happen you want to
be a part of it like let's hang out
let's build each other up and so I
that's a big part of just pursuing
whatever you want to do is speak it into
motion yeah do the work but tell people
and like that I think reinforces
confidence in yourself to do I just step
out and do it yeah I agree I honestly
like setting goals and they sing it out
loud him being confident like I I really
believe in that like I really believe in
that because I was like I was so
determined and out of it that I was
gonna get to like a thousand I'm like I
had a game plan I was like and I was
really passionate about it so and you
were intentional with it yeah I think
that's really powerful yeah that's cool
so you're going back to family and stuff
you a lot of your videos you know are
centered around that but they're also
like center around the antics of you
know just like your family dynamics your
parents got divorced at what age when I
was in grade six okay great yeah so you
know you find ways to make something
that I think a lot of kids are going
through but just kind of like a humor
spin on it you broke into your was it
your dad's like you and your mom broke
into your dad's dad yeah that one yeah
that one caused controversy in the
family too like it was not cute
off-camera yeah thought that was funny
as well were there for the view yes and
like if you're like how did you break in
like I'm like well to be fair it was my
dad's house I do have a key to the house
don't have a key anymore definitely but
uh yeah he's out of town do we decide
you funny it was it was so I guess there
are moments where your videos affect
your daily life you know and you affects
the family around you but would you say
ultimately it's been all for the better
like Oh hundred percent I wouldn't
change anything honestly and yeah yeah
I'm happy where I am in like you know oh
everyone's been such good sports
everyone's really supportive but you
know that's a lot of my family friends
do like make sure like out like this
one's too far or like they they they
they try to tell me ya know what know
anyone we didn't consult anyone that's
why we did it but here cuz I remember
you opening up that video
being like I wasn't gonna post this and
went oh yeah cuz you were there when I
uploaded it yeah yeah yeah Milwaukee mmm
yes yes yes yes yeah even tweeted as
well like that you weren't gonna post
the videos yeah cuz my family were
really we got really upset and then
something changed and they're like we're
okay with it I'm like okay I didn't get
it there I was just like my mom was
really upset for like two days and then
she had a talk with my sister the
assistant might my husband's girlfriend
yeah and they like that came back and I
and she was fine she was good and so I
guess then maybe they had Emily my
sister milena is the best she seems like
a really she won he's in for yes she's
such a good sport she puts family first
always and you know she's always been
super supportive so she definitely saved
my ass
definitely what were your friendships
like in high school do you are you still
friends with people you were in high
school because it sounds like you had a
good experience so we always like hang
out with people after school or are you
kind of like on your own like making
videos like what was I like I was like
friends everyone like I was like a bit
of a social butterfly so I'm still
friends and everyone like I if I see
anyone from high school like hanging out
with them I love going to like
gatherings with my high school friends
they're like my friends that I'm friends
with in Ottawa are just people out from
high school so yeah it's a I had a
really good time like everyone is just
everyone's just so fun everyone's just
so down to do anything even the teachers
and I use my teachers oh yeah yeah
doesn't tell a few things that you've
done with your teacher gosh man I oh
yeah I've been after I tell you then I
have to tell you some new stuff I mean
please okay sorry I thought something is
long so well the last thing I did
Oh second last thing I did was I brought
my high school teacher to a high school
party and I got a stripper already
contest drinking
great but she wasn't cheating that she
just retired so she was able to do that
but the school board the Catholic school
board that I attended was not very happy
and they really they shamed her for that
and they're just like really yeah they
made it a huge deal and so I got upset
over that because I didn't like how they
took it out on her if they had a problem
with me to get out on me and and so I
went I made a huge billboard of me
within a risky outfit saying I'm sorry
with a heart on my crotch and put it in
front of the school and they called the
cops
and I did it for a video and that's the
last thing I did and we're all out of
that school anymore oh I tried this
video why haven't I seen it's the first
video I ever did in my new style yeah
it's like it was like in October yeah so
that was one of the things I did and
that's the last thing I did and they I'm
afraid I'm not allowed to go to my
brother's graduation
cuz he's graduating this year cuz I
asked a good ok so I know I'm friends
with some people are stealing grade 12
yeah and they had a school play and they
asked if I couldn't attend it's open to
the public and the principal said hell
no she's not allowed so now we're asking
permission if I could go to my brother's
graduation so is that is that the new
development yeah that's the graduation
Oh 100 if they don't let I'm going to
that graduation do you got I am going
I'm in so much trouble I'm mad sick Dona
is for your brother al she living it was
like two nights before I last she's like
not somebody's like oh don't do this you
know I'm like so joint I you know at the
end of the day that I feel like your
brother would have a memorable
experience yeah really hopes up bad yeah
really yeah turned out to be way more
fun yeah it's you know any fun to watch
graduations are boring yeah I'll spice
it up oh I believe that I totally
believe that what are some video ideas
that you have that you just don't know
how to make them a reality yet there's
just a lot I want to budget for it
almost like you guys use this let's
tweet this out to everyone let's figure
out how to make
video that you don't have a budget for
okay let me think I feel like I've
somehow like change
tweaked everyone that I couldn't do into
a video I could do right Wow
I went for my million subscribers I wish
I wanted to legally change my name to
what my middle name I wanted to be like
L has a Mills has Mills l has mills or
something like that that I looked it up
and it was just like legally like they
would have I know they would have did
not like denied because there has to be
a legitimate yeah exactly because they
would be able to L has mills they would
be like oh this this just kid is so
annoying that was what I couldn't do
that's a cop I just want to say that
because I know my family friends are
like L you are crazy you are crossing
the line
what was the one that would cost a lot
of money a lot of money doing it yeah
the guy downstairs involved Casey oh yes
once I rented out like rent out the huge
places or like I don't know I'm trying
to think
I just know like for example like what I
do through my crush to prom like I had
was got a smaller place but I wanted
like a huge like oh yeah you know I mean
I remember watching that video and it
was legitimately like you and friends
and a space that you actually had to
decorate yeah make look like a prom yes
isn't it I mean that costs money but and
that cost time and stuff yeah yeah I'm
really blinking I'm really don't you on
the spot no we can move on but it's
crazy because a lot of times when you
watch those videos they're so
entertaining they're so fun and then you
leave the video and move on with the
rest of your life but in those videos
I'm like hold on she like rented out of
space like there's yeah there's a
project I mean you know that was a car
buddy
that one was a lot because if you could
the flight and everything it's like that
was intense because I the horse and
carriage itself like that sounds
ridiculous if you guys have not watched
Elle Mills yet I mean horses carriages
like London for a dumb prom it was great
that's amazing
but yeah I need this that's what I think
after those two videos because that was
like it was oh it was a me find in Vegas
getting married which also we had to get
like a orders for us to film they need
us to get the diamond package or
something like that I'm like okay yeah
we're filming they're like okay but you
need to do that I'm like okay cool so
just like it was just i digging that I
did I will flew to London to do that
video anyways I've gone below budget for
the past few I think I'm ready to go
back high budget in a second I'm here
for all I want to see it I don't want to
see it that's amazing and for people out
there who watch your videos I look up to
you you know as a human but also as a
creator and they see your videos and how
would I do that one day what's something
that may be a word of encouragement you
would give them or practical advice
could be short long anything honestly
like it's so so cheesy but you got to
believe in yourself I feel like once you
believe that you can actually make it
it'll happen like because I if you put
your all into it like I don't see why
there wouldn't be as at least small bits
of success right and obviously keep on
making videos because practice makes
perfect always try to think outside the
box and like always find a way to
improve I find that so be like for the
first bit you have to be consistent
I feel like to grow you need to an
audience needs to see that you are
posting about expectation exactly at
least for that because then once you
have an audience that's loyal then sure
you can slack off of it don't slack off
oh yeah I mean like as time goes on
though you know if you're doing
something super consistently for a year
and people are there and you're growing
you know you're always going to be
changing so there's always gonna be
points where you have to kind of slow
down and kind of reevaluate and then get
going exactly exactly so just like
believe yourself tried to post as much
as try to be consistent and constantly
improve your content and be creative
yeah as long as you're hot I honestly I
find that
the people who do better are the people
who are you can tell are happy making
the content that they're making and you
know so there are people who don't
aren't happy with the content what
they're making and they do say dude they
do well but they eventually burn out
because they hate it explode exactly so
so much is you have to find that balance
between showing the raw and real in
being entertaining inspiring informative
because when people go to youtube videos
they want to escape their lives you know
there is that relatability factor to
where yes have a few videos where you're
wrong real like I'm down on myself a
little blah but if you're just miserable
what you're doing that is going to shine
through yes a hundred percent you know I
mean there was a time when I was doing
the daily vlogging thing and I was
trying to post five videos a week and I
was trying to be everyone else everyone
was daily vlogging and I was miserable
yeah every other video I was like I
haven't slept yes terrible but you know
I kind of hit the pause and I scaled it
back and now I'm doing videos I'm stoked
on and I hopefully people can tell that
I'm like I'm good 100% you know I'm a
bear yeah and I think you have to find
that balance
100% yeah finding your thing to just
like yeah there's so many things I could
say like I know that that's that's so
true and it takes a while to find your
thing I think so too like honestly like
I feel like I took me a year to find mom
like I feel like in front I feel like
I've finally found it but yeah you just
have to you know test out the waters for
a bit that yeah what's next
what are big goals in your life what is
our dream Club is it taking L Mills and
moving it to the states I mean like yeah
what is the big dream what is next
um I don't I'm definitely I will work I
don't know what you can say yeah well
like obviously getting to traditionally
media that's a good broad getting into
traditional media is definitely
something I've always wanted to do like
movies TV shows so I am like doing like
all types of it so I am doing ditions
for stuff I am also like
makin other stuff you know to be like
talking to other people like getting
deals and stuff like you know for bigger
projects outside of YouTube so that's
something I definitely want to work on
within the next year and see how that
goes
obviously just keep on me I feel like
I'm even though yeah I'm very happy with
my numbers on YouTube but I feel like I
have still supposed to grow everyone
does and I definitely still a lot of
people I want a clab with you know just
like a lot of people I want to meet like
I even gone to I haven't even got the
VidCon yet so you know what I mean so
I'm just excited for he's gonna be
excited I know you're gonna be surprised
how many people are gonna be coming up
to you oh really I think you're gonna
have yeah you're not gonna have to do
any work I think there's going to be not
only fans but a lot of creators yeah oh
yeah I'm the boy youtuber creator's
you're gonna oh really oh yes this I'm
excited because I haven't even done a
meeting Pete before so like I want to
see the traditional media stuff is it
like scripted content like comedy can I
see yourself on a Disney show yeah I
could see like yeah like yeah
acting-wise that I even yeah like
producing and stuff like like directing
and stuff like that becoming or the
whole package you can do it all else I'd
love to chew it all I just want to I
just want to try everything why not yeah
brave new world exactly you want yeah
you know we have the opportunity to
actually try to find something that we
love exactly hater life present 9:00 to
5:00 yes yes true where can people find
you thank you so much for being on this
part always these five feet thanks for
taking me will take you my podcast
virginity yes this is her first pot this
is great this is such an honor to you
because I'm such a big fan of you and I
think you just haven't told them how we
met should we I guess I was eat you and
I fangirls an email Tara when I've
gotten your and honestly I feel so cool
like a it's like hey I should meet up
for lunch or something and you know
usually sit you know so you'll get
emails like that yeah and sometimes
you'll just kind of like delete yeah but
like I don't know like something about
the emails like oh you know she seems
nice for like clicked on her YouTube
channel and like once you had more
subscribers then
me and to her videos were just like so
good I mean I watched one video and then
I watched another and then I wished and
I was just like oh my god yes let's meet
up please I love your mom
oh yeah mom - your mom is hilarious yes
oh yes so if you if you're ever doubting
my coolness guys
Elle Mills emailed me like what emails
yes let into the email a year ago a year
ago but YouTube cause /l the missus that
I put that link there I was like yeah
that's where you can find me and then
they're on Twitter and Twitter is at
Mills L instagrams a tell Don Mills but
if you just write L Mills if you google
L Mills you're gonna find her she's
everywhere you can't escape me
you can't escape her but you're never
gonna get time to her I promise yeah but
thank you so much for being on the
creative exchange if you guys are
watching us on YouTube you can also
listen anywhere where you listen to
podcasts you can just search the
creative exchange and if you're
listening to our beautiful voices you
can come and see Elle's beautiful face
at youtube.com slash the creative
exchange thanks so much guys for tuning
in new podcasts every single Monday and
until next time guys to keep creating
bye bye do you end your videos a special
way do you have a second - I used to but
now I just have an intro okay hi I'm
Elle Mills